1      What is Javascript...?
Ans :- JS is a client side as well as server side scriptiong language 

2	How Borser Execute Javascript.
Ans :- using js script tag browser execute js code 

3	What are features of Javascript.
Ans. (i) High-Level
	(ii) Dynamic typed
        (iii)Function oriented
	(iv)object oriented 	
	(v)Single threaded	
	(vi) Programmer Friendly 
	(vii) It convert HTML into DHTML 

	(i) High-level language: JavaScript is a high-level, interpreted programming language, which means that it is designed to be human-	     readable and does not require compilation before execution.
	(ii) Dynamic typed : JavaScript is dynamically typed, meaning that variable types are determined at runtime.
4	What is DOM ?
Ans : DOM is stand for documenr object model,it represent the herarcical tree structure of html document.by the help of DOM 
	we can change the style,attribute of document.

5	How to perform click event on Dom Using Javascript
Ans. firts we get the id of node, after we add addEventListener in that node in event listener first argument is type of event like like " (click " or " mousedown " or any other HTML DOM Event),second argument is a function that we want to perform when an event is occur.

6	What is alert() and confirm() ?
Ans. alert display a popup box with the specific message with the ok button and confirm() display a popup box with specific message with ok and cancle button

7	What is difference between == and ===.?
Ans. == return true when  the value are equal and === return true when the type of value and value both are equal .

8	What is function . Can we overload function in javascript.
Ans. Function is a block of code,it is used to peform a specific task 	and it is executed when somthing called it.

9	What is callback ? Explain with suitable example. 
Ans. When a function is passed as a argument it is called callback function.
	Example :- 
	var x = (callback)=>{
	callback("Hello JS") ;
	}
	x((n)=>{
	console.log(n);
	});

10	What is promise? What are advantage of promise over callback. 
Ans :  In js, promise is an object that will produce a single value some time in the future. If promise is successful ,it produced a resolve value,if somthing went wrong then it will produce a reason why the promise is failed.

 Advantage of promise over callback :- 


11.	 What is callback hell.
Ans. Callback hell is process where 